Yo, isn't this a success?
Haha Zhou Zijun
I heard that your wife thinks you are too poor
Did I divorce you?
What's going on?
Hey, it's estimated that you look like this now
No one dares to be with you except Bai Xuejiao
How long will it take to be a bachelor after this?
My business, I don't bother you
Did you hear?
We have a stock god in Yuncheng recently
Still our classmates
Don't you know who it is?
Look at you like this, you probably don't know
Let me tell you something.
Reunion at the Hyatt Regency the day after tomorrow
Please, please come!
Hyatt Regency the Day After Tomorrow
The privateer invited me to dinner that day
I'm really sorry.
I had something to do that day, you won't be ashamed to come, will you?
Can I tell you?
Our college flower Xu Qianwei is also coming
And he's single.
If you can chase him
That's being a ghost under the peony flower
I'll go, no matter how busy I am
I definitely have to go to our reunion too
Okay, okay, see you the day after tomorrow.
Don't embarrass yourself.